So in this video we're going to learn about databases as you go on my ask.
You know so what is a database.
A database is defined as an organized collection of information or data.
So an example of a database could be a book like the yellow pages or even just the index of a book.
So here you can see a snapshot of example index of a book and you can see it has information and has
data.
So we have the topics covered by the book and we have the page number that those topics are on and we
can see is organized because it's organized alphabetically it is.
So if we wanted to find out about binding we know we can go to the index we can look under B we can
find binding and then we can go to page 20.
So an index works well as an example of organized collection of data.
But what if we want to interact with the data held in a database.
Well that's where you go and database management systems come in and a database should also allow us
to access and interact with the data as well.
And this is where database management system or mess concept comes in and also where Escudo comes in.
So users query a database using Esky Well the DNS then takes this as well.
And then the DNS interacts with the database.
So what is this.
Well as you know stands for structure quavery language and it is a standard language used to communicate
with databases.
So there are many different types of databases but the majority of them use Escudo as a language to
communicate with them.
You always use to perform tasks on the database.
So such as creating objects updating the database or even retrieving data from the database and an example
ask your old query is stated here.
Select store.
From customers.
And basically what this query will do is it will select all the data we have from our customers table
within the database.
So we'll learn more about escrow queries later on in the course.
So what is my school.
My school is a database management system and actually it's relational database management system and
it provides a user interface for us to access and interact with the database.
So we type of escrow queries in my school and then that interacts with the database and we perform tasks
on the database using my skew well.
So other forms of relational database management system systems so RDBMS is postscripts bureau Eskew
our server and Oracle.
And actually there are many more examples of RDBMS is but they always as secure as the standard language
to query databases.